README.md, before:

# ElectroMagnetic workbench for FreeCAD

## Copyright

### FastHenry support

Copyright (c) 2018
Efficient Power Conversion Corporation, Inc.  http://epc-co.com

Developed by FastFieldSolvers S.R.L.  http://www.fastfieldsolvers.com under contract by EPC


### FasterCap and FastCap support

Copyright (c) 2018
FastFieldSolvers S.R.L. http://www.fastfieldsolvers.com

## Description

This project is dedicated to building an ElectroMagnetic workbench for [FreeCAD](https://www.freecadweb.org). FreeCAD is a free 3D parametric CAD.
FreeCAD is used as pre-processor interfacing to the open source electromagnetic field solvers [FastHenry](https://www.fastfieldsolvers.com/fasthenry2.htm) and [FasterCap](https://www.fastfieldsolvers.com/fastercap.htm).

At present, the workbench supports:

- [FastHenry](https://www.fastfieldsolvers.com/fasthenry2.htm) inductance solver: ongoing development including GUI support
- [FasterCap](https://www.fastfieldsolvers.com/fastercap.htm) capacitance solver: ongoing development, today at the stage of Python macro only, for creating an input file


## Installing

The ElectroMagnetic workbench is managed as a FreeCAD addon. This addon can be downloaded by clicking the **Download ZIP** button found on top of the page, or using **Git**. The addon must be placed in your user's FreeCAD/Mod folder. 

**Note**: Your user's FreeCAD folder location is obtained by typing in FreeCAD's python console: `FreeCAD.ConfigGet("UserAppData")`.

You must then rename the new folder 'EM'. I.e., the new folder structure must be <UserAppData>/Mod/EM. Opening, or closing/reopening FreeCAD then reloads the workbenches, and the E.M. workbench will show up in the pull-down workbenches menu in FreeCAD.

## Additional information

For any additional information please visit [FastFieldSolvers](https://www.fastfieldsolvers.com/), write on the [FastFieldSolvers Forum](https://www.fastfieldsolvers.com/forum) or on the [FreeCAD Forum](https://forum.freecadweb.org/viewforum.php?f=18) under the FEM topic.

See LICENCE.txt for the license conditions.

Access to the binary and source code download pages on [FastFieldSolvers](https://www.fastfieldsolvers.com/) is free, and you may access anonymously if you want.

Commit message:

* Python3 compatibility
- Compatible with FreeCAD 0.18 with Python3
- Added 'About' under EM menu
- New icon for the FH Solver
- Preparing for VoxHenry
- Minor fixes in the comments

README.md, after:

# ElectroMagnetic workbench for FreeCAD

## Copyright

### FastHenry support

Copyright (c) 2019
Efficient Power Conversion Corporation, Inc.  http://epc-co.com

Developed by FastFieldSolvers S.R.L.  http://www.fastfieldsolvers.com under contract by EPC


### FasterCap and FastCap support

Copyright (c) 2019
FastFieldSolvers S.R.L. http://www.fastfieldsolvers.com

## Description

This project is dedicated to building an ElectroMagnetic workbench for [FreeCAD](https://www.freecadweb.org). FreeCAD is a free 3D parametric CAD.
FreeCAD is used as pre-processor interfacing to the open source electromagnetic field solvers [FastHenry](https://www.fastfieldsolvers.com/fasthenry2.htm) and [FasterCap](https://www.fastfieldsolvers.com/fastercap.htm).

At present, the workbench supports:

- [FastHenry](https://www.fastfieldsolvers.com/fasthenry2.htm) inductance solver: ongoing development including GUI support
- [FasterCap](https://www.fastfieldsolvers.com/fastercap.htm) capacitance solver: ongoing development, today at the stage of Python macro only, for creating an input file

## Version

The current version of the ElectroMagnetic workbench can be shown, once installed, from the **EM** menu, selecting **About**.

The version number is also reported in the sources, in the global variable **EM_VERSION** in the file EM_Globals.py.

## Installing

The ElectroMagnetic workbench is managed as a FreeCAD addon. It can be installed from within FreeCAD using the add-ons manager under the <b>Tools</b> menu, see the [FreeCAD add-on documentation](https://www.freecadweb.org/wiki/Std_AddonMgr) for more specific instructions

### Manual installation

This addon can also be manually installed, but this method is not recommended, as the add-ons manager provides a more user friendly experience.

If you still wish to manually install the workbench, you can download it by clicking the **Download ZIP** button found on top of the page, or using **Git**. The addon must be un-zipped in your user's FreeCAD/Mod folder. 

**Note**: Your user's FreeCAD folder location is obtained by typing in FreeCAD's python console: `FreeCAD.ConfigGet("UserAppData")`.

You must then rename the new folder 'EM', i.e. the new folder structure must be <UserAppData>/Mod/EM. Opening, or closing/reopening FreeCAD then reloads the workbenches, and the E.M. workbench will show up in the pull-down workbenches menu in FreeCAD.

## Additional information

For any additional information please visit [FastFieldSolvers](https://www.fastfieldsolvers.com/), write on the [FastFieldSolvers Forum](https://www.fastfieldsolvers.com/forum) or on the [FreeCAD Forum](https://forum.freecadweb.org/viewforum.php?f=18) under the FEM topic.

See LICENCE.txt for the license conditions.

Access to the binary and source code download pages on [FastFieldSolvers](https://www.fastfieldsolvers.com/) is free, and you may access anonymously if you want.
